{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang2057\plain\fs24\fet1
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Arial;}
}
{\info
{\createim\yr2015\mo11\dy29\hr1\min29}
}
{\stylesheet{\s1\ql \li0\fs28\outlinelevel0 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li200\fs26\outlinelevel1 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\ql \li400\fs24\outlinelevel2 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\ql \li600\fs22\outlinelevel3 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\ql \li800\fs20\outlinelevel4 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\s6\ql \li1000\fs18\outlinelevel5 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 6;}{\s7\ql \li1200\fs16\outlinelevel6 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 7;}{\s8\ql \li1400\fs14\outlinelevel7 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 8;}}
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440
{\pard\ql\s1
{\b\fs28
Ask Car Details
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li200\s2
{\fs26
Help
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li400
{\fs24
INTENT: Help
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li400
{\fs24
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li400\s3
{\fs24
These are the things you can do....
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li200\s2
{\fs26
What car would you like to know more about?
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li400\s3
{\fs24
"Corvette" "2016 Corvette"
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li200\s2
{\fs26
Select a Car - Model "Tell me about a Corvette"
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li400
{\fs24
INTENT: SelectCar
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li400
{\fs24
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li400\s3
{\fs24
Maker, First Year of prod, last year of prod
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li600\s4
{\fs22
Mileage "what is the mileage" or "what is the mileage on 2015" or "what is the mileage on camry or what is the mileage on 2015 camry
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li800
{\fs24
1. Implied it is about a corvette2. it will retrieve the highest why available, it will state the city / hwy
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li800
{\fs24
OPTIONAL PARAMETERS: Year / ModelINTENT: Mileage
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li800
{\fs24
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li800\s5
{\fs20
This the city and highway
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li600\s4
{\fs22
Price "what is the price [corvette]
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li800
{\fs24
INTENT: Price
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li800
{\fs24
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li800\s5
{\fs20
the starting price of the newest
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li600\s4
{\fs22
Colors "what are the available colors"
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li800
{\fs24
INTENT: Price
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li800
{\fs24
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li800\s5
{\fs20
the top 3
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li1000
{\fs24
defined by edmunds
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li1000
{\fs24
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li1000\s6
{\fs18
Would you like to hear  more?
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li1200\s7
{\fs16
list the remaining colors
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li600\s4
{\fs22
Switch to a different car "What about a [Model] and/or [Year]
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li800
{\fs24
Repeat this option, at each level of question. Always retain in memory the LAST (and only the last) car chosen
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li800
{\fs24
Can loop on itself
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li800
{\fs24
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li800\s5
{\fs20
[ANSWER the PREVIOUS ASKED QUESTION for the new model or year or both
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li600\s4
{\fs22
Some question we don't have an intent for "How many cup holders are there?"
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li800\s5
{\fs20
I am not sure at the moment. Do you want to know mileage, price or color?
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li1000
{\fs24
INTENT: No Car but an car object in memory. Return to the available intents of mileage, price, color
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li1000
{\fs24
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li1000\s6
{\fs18
Mileage
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li1000\s6
{\fs18
Price
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li1000\s6
{\fs18
Color
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li200\s2
{\fs26
"I didn't understand your response. What car would you like to know more about"
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li400
{\fs24
INTENT: TroubleAND you don't previously know the car
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li400
{\fs24
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li200\s2
{\fs26
Exit Statement if invoked by "Thank you or whatever"
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li400
{\fs24
Intent: Exit
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li400
{\fs24
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li200\s2
{\fs26
What is the mileage / price / color?
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li400\s3
{\fs24
For what car?
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li600
{\fs24
INTENT: SelectCar
}
\par}
{\pard\ql\li600
{\fs24
}
\par}
}